Zhu Shang's coronation has come
No hurry
There is another customer.
Are you waiting for you to get bored?
In my opinion, don't wait
It's this point, they haven't arrived yet.
Must be afraid of death
Who says I dare not come?
Lin Fan, I thought you were afraid of death and didn't dare to come
I didn't expect you to have some backbone
Why wouldn't I dare to come to my place?
Besides, Elder Lei didn't send me an invitation
Invite me to die?
Then I'll take him on his way too
Humph
Lin Fan
Three years ago, I could have left you seriously injured and idle
fallen father
How dare you take iron to die today
Then let's make a break
Today you and I
high and low
Life and death
Blood Jade Throne
Must cover the official conclusion
Lei Qianquan Jianghu is not just about fighting and killing
If you give up now
I can still give you some
Ordinary, that's scary
If you are afraid, you will obediently amputate your limbs
I can beg to let go of the people around you
It seems that you are determined
Then don't blame me for not giving up on the past